1. privacy/encryption of entries
2. defense against the dark arts - people exploiting the prompts, people sharing really rough details
3. integrate psychology into the prompts, character
4. story. 1. but/therefore 2. 3 or 5 acts. 
5. poem - short 6 word thing (very masculine). flowery version (very feminine)
6. idea - this would eventually just be an api. create api for this app. that way someone can call into it without actually opening an app.
7. also, email verificaiton is maybe not necessary? what does cursor do? i felt like it was really easy. 
8. search - look into people's lives
9. how to convince people to give me data, and what kind of data (what they did that day, what thoughts they have on X thing, etc.). Entirely private, not for public consumption. explicitly share what people are thinking to each other. for that, you could select who you share what information to, but ultimately you won't want that on the user you would want that to be handled by a prompt, or ideally, the framing of the question provided to the person who yaps. so like i as an adult might not want to share something like my financial stress with my kids. on the other hand, i would want them to know how much i love them and think about them, even how it helped me overcome a hurdle. or how i am navigating a struggle or the weight of some burden, but the factors that got me through that burden.
10. store voice recording so that it can be used to model the users voice to have that sound available for posterity (?)

AI's ideas for where to go, 01.26.2025
1. Frontend Development:
    User verification page
    Password reset page
    Profile management
    Navigation/routing

2. Additional Backend Features:
    Profile picture upload
    User search functionality
    User preferences/settings
    Activity logging
    Delete account functionality

3. Security Enhancements:
    Two-factor authentication
    Login history tracking
    IP-based security
    Password change notifications

4. API Features:
    User following/connections
    Direct messaging
    Content sharing
    Feed generation

5. Admin Features:
    User management dashboard
    Analytics
    Content moderation
    System logs

11. Fine tuning a model for this purpose
12. Front page idea: txtile made of smalll text. script that generates text in a matrix like style but it doesn't scroll down, it just has a letter in a grid, and the letters flip with some regularity like every 0.25 seconds. They also cahnge color, but remain consistent such that remain cohesive with a pattern across landing page. it would look like a tapestry.
13. Quote section - 1. create inspiring quotes based off of knowledge of all inspirign quotes. take in the user's past journal entries as context. goal: "exactly what I needed to hear"... 2. prompt the user for inspiring quotes that they like, that way it can take those in as context, too. Or perhaps create quotes from those quotes, that kinda thing?
14. Graph network for characters: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/blog/graphrag-unlocking-llm-discovery-on-narrative-private-data/ , https://blog.miz.space/, https://blog.miz.space/research/2019/06/05/wikipedia-graph-dataset-neo4j-mongodb-time-series-networks/
15. add "users voice extraction" feature that captures their language, cadence, and other components (research) to the processed data table. Or simple add to the prompt to write it in the users voice given the unedited data. 
16. add voice recording and transcription